docs: move callbacks info to docs, set up redirect (#239)
govau/notify: docs/src/content/callbacks.mdx

---
title: 'Callbacks'
---

import Examples from 'components/examples'
import Contents from 'components/table-of-contents'

# Accepting callbacks

> A callback lets you receive messages from Notify to a URL you choose.

Reviewer: `lets you receive messages from Notify` - this sounds like the messages/notifications themselves are sent to the URL.

```suggestion
You can configure a callback to receive message (sms/email) receipt updates and/or inbound sms messages.
```
